Add rule for requesting scopes for client credentials (#109)
camaraproject/IdentityAndConsentManagement: documentation/CAMARA-API-access-and-user-consent.md

### Applying purpose concept in the authorization request

A purpose must be declared within the requested scope for the following grant types:
- authorization_code
- urn:openid:params:grant-type:ciba

> For the client_credentials grant type, the requested scope must be set directly to the value defined for the relevant endpoint within the OAS ("YAML") specification. "Wild card" scopes (i.e. specifying only the API name) are not valid for this grant types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No purpose is required for the client_credentials grant type, as this grant type can only be used when no personal user data is processed. The requested scope must be set directly to the value defined for the relevant endpoint within the OAS ("YAML") specification. "Wild card" scopes (i.e. specifying only the API name) are not valid for this grant type.
```
